docs: add colab column (#583)
jina-ai/finetuner: CONTRIBUTING.md

To avoid merge conflicts when multiple people are simultaneously working on new features, make sure there
is **an empty line above and below the entry**.

## Update notebooks

> We have three Google Colab embed inside the documentation:

Reviewer: embedded

- [text-to-text with bert](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1Ui3Gw3ZL785I7AuzlHv3I0-jTvFFxJ4_?usp=sharing)
- [image-to-image with resnet](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1QuUTy3iVR-kTPljkwplKYaJ-NTCgPEc_?usp=sharing)
- [text-to-iamge with clip](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1yKnmy2Qotrh3OhgwWRsMWPFwOSAecBxg?usp=sharing)

To update code in colab:

1. Update code in the Google Colab.
2. Download into `docs/notebooks/` folder.
3. cd into `docs` folder, run `make notebooks` and run `make dirhtml` to see output locally.

> Only members of the team has the permission to modify the notebook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only members of the team have the permissions to modify the notebook.
```
